= Tor

Tor stands for 'Tenjin on Rails'.
Tor is a Ruby on Rails plugin which enable views
to be build on rbTenjin template engine.
Tenjin is a very fast and full-featured
template engine available in several script languages (incluing Ruby).

== Tenjin

http://www.kuwata-lab.com/tenjin/

== Using

Tor depends on the tenjin gem.
Download then tenjin gem 
from http://downloads.sourceforge.net/tenjin/tenjin-0.6.2.gem
Go to the directory where the downloaded .gem file is and
install the gem from it:

  gem install tenjin --local

It is strongly encouraged to add tenjin gem to the Rails project.
In the config/environment.rb add a line like the following
inside the config block:

  config.gem "tenjin", :version => '~> 0.6.2'

Then unpack the gem into your Rails project:

  rake gems:unpack GEM=tenjin


Next step is install Tor plugin:

  ./script/plugin install git://github.com/luishurtado/tor.git

== Examples

Views with the <tt>.tenjin</tt> extension will automatically use Tenjin.

The following is a Tenjin template:

  Hello #{@name}!
  <ul>
  <?rb for item in @items ?>
    <li>${item}</li>
  <?rb end ?>
  </ul>

<tt><?rb ... ?></tt> represents embedded Ruby statements.
(the <tt><% %></tt> in ERB).

<tt>#{...}</tt> represents embedded Ruby expression. (the <%= %> in ERB).

<tt>${...}</tt> represents embedded escaped (sanitized) Ruby expression.
(the <%=h %> in ERB)


== Authors

Tor was created for Luis Hurtado to support
a telecom project inside Assembla (www.assembla.com)

Tor is released under the MIT license.
